# turbeville_2021_lifecycle_paper

The file hierarchy is as follows:

    turbeville_2021_lifecycle_paper/
    ├── plots/
    ├── python_scripts/
    │   └── utility/
    ├── tables/
    └── README.md
    
### Directories

The ```plots/``` directory holds all the figures from the Turbeville et al. (2021) paper. All of these plots were generated by files in ```python_scripts/``` which use the local package ```utility/```. Some tables in .csv format are saved in the ```tables/``` directory. These tables were generated using the model output and data externally then imported to this repository. For more information, see README.md in that directory. 

### How to use this repository

This repository is not designed to be downloaded and used out of the box for your data. The python files, especially the ```utility``` package is very specific for use with DYAMOND models. I suppose you could make your own ```utility``` modules and then run the figure scripts; however, I recommend just looking at the figure scripts and using the specific plots that you wish to replicate. Please reach out if you want to use a figure and I'd be happy to help.

### Acknowledgements

@jmnugent helped immeasureably with debugging and code generation early on as well as acting as my sounding board for ideas.
Blaz Gasparini and Adam Sokol were invaluable in helping with observations from CCCM and DARDAR, respectively. I'm grateful for their insight and coding help. 
My advisors, Tom Ackerman and Chris Bretherton, as well as Peter Blossey provided useful feedback and insight. 

This paper was adapted into my Master's thesis for UW as well. 